                                                                  
						       AUTOMATED CODE EVALUATION SYSTEM
                                                                    (ACES)


INTRODUCTION:
	
	Aces,  is a project mainly aimed to help the programmers test their skills and wits which can enable them to reach higher levels. Its a website which can be used for programming contests/practice sessions by any educational institutions.


TECHNICAL DETAILS:

Database Server used : mysql 
DB Server version    : 5.5.28
Web Server           : Apache2
Scripting Languages  : PHP,Javascript
User Interface       : HTML5

HOW TO RUN THE SOFTWARE ?

Step-1 : 
	Install the required softwares. While installing the database server(mysql) set your password as “mysql” for smooth running of the software.
 
Step-2 :
	We need databases and tables to store your data. So you have to create the required tables by running the .sql files. The .sql files can be found on your /var/www/Run_sql_files.  

Step-3
 	After setting up all the required things you can start running our  software on your browser.
First get on to the login page and create a account for yourself .
 
 	As Staff : 
	There are three different tabs on the top of the page.
	1. Score
	2. Add question
            	2.1. Test Code	
		2.2. Mcq		
		2.3. Test Query
  	3.Test Offered
		3.1. Test Code	
		3.2. MCQ
		3.3. Test Query  

	1. Scores :
		A staff when logged into his account can view the scores of all the students who have taken the test.


	2. Add question:
		There are three links as mentioned above to add questions to the question pool according the category .
		In the TEST CODE link you can add questions from programming languages(C, C++, JAVA)
		and we have upload the output file and input files(test cases).Similarily you have to create questions for a MCQ test and Query test.

	3.Test Code:
		In this link after you have added enough questions to the question pool we can create a test here and questions in the test would be 			chosen randomly based on the subject you mention.


	As Student :
	
	1.Test Offered:
            	In the TEST OFFERED link you can take up the created by your staff by giving the correct test-id.
	
	2. Scores:
		You can see the scores of the tests you have taken and improve your performance accordingly.


Step-4 :
           Logout before you exit the browser for security reasons.
	
